2018-11-01	In U.S.-India Trade, Trump Sees Only Harley-Davidson	India and the United States face deadlines in the coming days to decide disputes over trade and oil. The president is most interested in motorcycle tariffs.
2018-10-24	Did Trump’s Attacks Hurt Harley-Davidson’s Sales? It’s Saying Little	After President Trump lashed out at the motorcycle maker, its sales in the United States slid. In discussing its earnings, the company made no mention of a connection.
2018-10-19	Saturday Night Bikes	Meadowlands Racetrack is usually home to thoroughbreds or harness racers. But on a recent Saturday, a different kind of horsepower was on display.
2018-09-13	Motorcycle Makers Try Minting New Riders With Youth Programs	With sales well down from their prerecession levels, the industry is trying to engage with a new generation of riders — and customers.
2018-08-19	Trump’s Silly War With Harley-Davidson	The president’s tariffs led the company to move jobs to Europe. He responded by trying to incite a Harley boycott.
2018-08-11	Trump’s War With Harley-Davidson Has Divided America’s Bikers	A move by the company has put one of the country’s most iconic brands in the uncomfortable position of clashing with a president who is immensely popular with most of its customers.
2018-08-11	Why Bikers Are Questioning Harley-Davidson	This is Sturgis: A massive biker rally in South Dakota. Harley-Davidson has always been a mainstay here, but since the company announced that it’s moving some production overseas, some die-hard fans are questioning their loyalty.
2018-07-06	Making America Unemployed Again	Trump’s global trade war is escalating and could cost thousands of American jobs.
2018-07-05	A Message From President Trump	He has been tweeting his feelings but not necessarily the facts about Harley-Davidson.
2018-07-03	In a Fox-Inspired Tweetstorm, Trump Offers a Medley of Falsehoods and Misstatements	The tweets spanned a range of foreign and domestic issues. They attacked Mr. Trump’s perceived rivals and trumpeted his proudest achievements.
2018-06-29	In Wisconsin Visit, Trump Cheers One Company and Criticizes Another	The president celebrates the ground breaking of a high tech campus of a Taiwanese firm while telling Harley Davidson: “Don’t get cute with us.”
2018-06-28	Trump Versus the Hog-Maker	Harley-Davidson vrooms off to the trade war.
2018-06-27	Harley-Davidson’s Decision	Harley-Davidson’s shareholders should applaud its decision to move some production overseas to avoid stiff tariffs.
2018-06-27	No, Harley-Davidson’s C.E.O. Did Not Punch Back at Trump	A disparaging quote about President Trump circulating on Twitter and purporting to be from the company’s chief executive is fake.
2018-06-26	A Trade War Could Pick Off Weaker Firms. Look at Harley-Davidson.	In theory, the strong economy gives the United States an edge in trade battles. But how many American firms can power through such hostilities?
2018-06-26	Is Harley-Davidson Still an ‘American Icon’ to Trump?	President Trump has often praised the Wisconsin-based motorcycle manufacturer, but its recent plans to shift some of its production overseas has angered Mr. Trump.
2018-06-26	Trump Threatens Harley-Davidson, Saying It ‘Surrendered’	President Trump took aim at one of his favorite American manufacturers a day after it said it would shift some production overseas to avoid retaliatory tariffs.
2018-06-26	The Trade War Finally Got Real: DealBook Briefing	President Trump’s tariffs are beginning to have a material impact on American businesses.
2018-06-25	Harley-Davidson Shows Why Corporations Cannot Keep Silent in Trade Wars	When financial pain threatens to become consequential, public companies are obliged to publicize it. This could affect the debate over President Trump’s trade policies.
2018-06-25	Harley-Davidson, Blaming E.U. Tariffs, Will Move Some Production Out of U.S.	The iconic motorcycle manufacturer said that the move was the “only sustainable option” to maintain its business in Europe, an increasingly vital market.
2017-08-03	Harley-Davidson’s Newest Rival Is an Old Brand	Sales of Indian motorcycles, a revered brand that disappeared for decades, are rising while Harley sales are falling.
2017-07-21	U.S. Reopens Harley Settlement, Cutting Funds for Pollution Reduction Plan	The Trump administration took $3 million off the motorcycle maker’s fine in a pollution case, applying a new policy barring benefits to third parties.
2017-05-23	Even Harley-Davidson Can’t Resist the Tug of Overseas Factories	Lauded by President Trump as a symbol of American manufacturing, the company hopes a new plant in Thailand will help it clear trade barriers to woo Southeast Asian buyers.
2017-01-18	Most Americans See the Affluent and Corporations Gaining Power in Trump’s Washington	A new study by the Pew Research Center shows large majorities believe the rich, the white, and the corporate gaining influence in Donald J. Trump’s Washington.
2017-01-18	President-Elect Trump, Back in Washington, Resembles Candidate Trump	Mr. Trump, who had been away from the capital for more than a month, looked forward to a biker-aided inauguration, then returned to Trump Tower.
2016-08-18	Harley-Davidson to Pay $12 Million Fine in Pollution Settlement	The government said that Harley sold devices that enabled motorcycles to pollute the air at greater levels than it had certified to the E.P.A.
2015-07-15	Scott Walker Using Harley-Davidson to Burnish ‘Fighter’ Image	Gov. Scott Walker of Wisconsin is appealing to crowds of motorcyclists during the beginning of his campaign for president.
2014-12-12	International Motorcycle Show Looks Back in Time	It’s been true for a while, but where motorcycles are concerned, retro is in.
2014-11-14	Suddenly, a 3-Wheel Traffic Jam	New models are breathing life into a category of machine that can deliver the thrills of a vintage sports car and the excitement of a motorcycle, without the risk of tipping over at stoplights.
2014-09-29	Toyota Recalls 790,000 Tacoma Pickups	The 2005-11 model years may have a corrosion problem that could lead to fuel leaks. Harley-Davidson, Yamaha and Volkswagen also issued recalls.
2014-06-20	Harley’s Electric Prototype	A look at the Harley-Davidson electric motorcycle prototype.
2014-06-19	Future Shock: Whispering Harleys	Harley-Davidson, known for its rumbling motorcycles, is introducing its Project LiveWire Experience, an event that will offer licensed riders a chance to try, of all things, an electric Harley.
2014-04-25	Harley-Davidson, Jaguar and Mazda Issue Recalls	Some recent Harley models may have a fueling defect; some Jaguar models are prone to a suspension issue; Mazda recalls cars with regenerative braking.
2014-04-22	At the Auto Show, Vehicles With a New York Connection	Two gubernatorial limousines, a classic Corvette and a custom Harley-Davidson have come down from Albany.
2014-03-06	Harley-Davidson Brings Back the ’70s With Low Rider Model	Harley unveiled a new model based upon a 1977 favorite, the Low Rider, as well as a lightweight touring bike called the SuperLow 1200T.
2014-02-07	Pope Francis’ Harley-Davidson Sells for $327,000 at Paris Auction	Money from the sale of the bike, which was donated to the Vatican by Harley-Davidson, will benefit a soup kitchen in Rome.
2014-01-28	Building a Harley Faster	A modern manufacturing morality tale in which workers and management came together to save an American icon.
2013-12-16	Ignore the Snow. It’s the Motorcycle Show in New York.	New models were in abundance when the New York stop of the Progressive International Motorcycle Show circuit opened last week.
2013-12-13	Acura, Harley-Davidson and Suzuki to Issue Recalls	Nearly 20,000 new Acura MDX utility vehicles, close to 20,000 Harley-Davidson motorcycles and 142 Suzuki motorcycles will be recalled.
2013-11-13	In Milan, Fashion on Two Wheels	Highlights from the 71st edition of the International Motorcycle Exhibition in Milan, which included more than 1,000 manufacturers of machines, riding gear and accessories.
2013-10-15	Wheelies: The Anchorman Edition	“Anchorman” main character Ron Burgundy does humorous Dodge Durango ads, and Pope Francis sells his Harley.
2013-08-19	Harley-Davidson Unveils Project Rushmore Bikes	Under the label Project Rushmore, Harley-Davidson unveiled eight new motorcycles for 2014.
2013-08-02	Go East, Old Man: Duel in South Dakota	Through Yellowstone and on to South Dakota, a tiny Honda-riding Dexter Ford makes his way into the Harley haven of Sturgis, S.D.
2012-12-14	Ironclad, but Not Guaranteed	Highlights from a sale of military vehicles and equipment in Auburn, Ind., earlier this month.
2012-10-04	Wheelies: The Déjà Vu Edition	For a second time, Michael Schumacher is retiring from Formula One competition.
2012-09-24	Small-Business Lessons From Harley-Davidson's Turnaround	Often, these kinds of activities are led by those who have been through M.B.A. programs — but M.B.A.’s don’t always understand how smaller companies work.
2012-09-24	At Brooklyn Invitational, Disrupting Notions of Motorcycle Culture	The fourth-annual Brooklyn Invitational, featuring builders from around the United States and an atmosphere that was emphatically of its place, was the anti-Sturgis.
2012-09-14	Born to Be Wild, Aging Bikers Settle for Comfy	When motorcyclists have trouble meeting the physical demands of a bike, many decide that it might be time to add a third wheel.
2012-08-10	Marketing to Women Bloggers, Harley-Davidson Experiences a Rare Backfire	At a recent marketing event in New York, the brand, known for its ability to appeal to diverse riderships, may have misread its audience.
2012-05-02	Made in America, Lost in Tsunami, Found in Canada	A beachcomber on a remote island off Alaska recently found a soccer ball and a volleyball belonging to Japanese teenagers who lost their belongings to the tsunami last year. Now a rather unexpected piece of tsunami debris has come ashore in Canada: a Harley-Davidson motorcycle.
2012-01-13	Motorcycle-Auction Tripleheader Comes to Las Vegas	LAS VEGAS -- A restored, fully operational 1920 Henderson Four Model K was the top sale Thursday at the Auctions America by RM event at the Rio Las Vegas Hotel and Casino, as a three-day, three-auction marathon kicked off at three locations here. Including a 12 percent sales commission, the Henderson changed hands for $50,960, slightly below its preauction estimate.
2011-10-28	1894 Roper Motorbike Aims at World Auction Record	It's not the first-ever American motorcycle. That distinction belongs to its older brother, the original 1869 Roper steam velocipede residing in the Smithsonian Institution. But it may earn a superlative all its own.
2011-10-28	Lotus Recalls 5,000 Elise and Exige Models for Oil Leak	Lotus is recalling about 5,000 of its 2005-6 Elise and Exige models because an oil line may come loose, according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.
2011-10-24	Harley-Davidson Recalls 250,000 Motorcycles	Harley-Davidson is recalling about a quarter million motorcycles because their rear brake lights may stop working and brake fluid may leak, the manufacturer told the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.
2011-06-28	On Noise Standards, Motorcyclists Split	3:12 p.m. | Updated Citizen groups have long agitated for ordinances and laws to curb the noise generated by motorcycles. With the help of some unlikely bedfellows, including the Motorcycle Industry Council and the American Motorcyclist Association, the groups are gaining ground.
2011-05-29	Palin’s Path May Be Unclear, but Her Ride Is Revved Up	Sarah Palin’s appearance at the Rolling Thunder biker rally reinforced the idea that if she does run for the G.O.P. presidential nomination, her campaign will not be conducted in the usual way.
2011-03-16	Guggenheim to Auction 'Easy Rider' Replica Choppers	Two emblems of restless American freedom are being offered for sale to the public for the first time.
2011-03-04	Motus Motorcycles: Sport-Touring, American Style	So you want to start a motorcycle company? Better do your homework first, because the list of those who have succeeded in recent years is short indeed.
2011-03-04	With West Coast Choppers Closed, Jesse James Plots Next Move	In 2009, when American Honda introduced its first mass-produced chopper-styled motorcycle, the Honda Fury, Jesse James saw it not as a beginning, but an end.
2011-01-12	Porsche 918 RSR and Audi A6 Deliver Design Awards Sweep to VW Group	DETROIT -- The Porsche 918 RSR and Audi A6 won the 2011 EyesOn Design Awards, presented as snow swirled snow outside late on Tuesday afternoon. The awards go to vehicles introduced at the show.
2010-11-19	Unions Yield on Wage Scales to Preserve Jobs	Union workers are reluctantly agreeing to contracts that create two levels of pay on a permanent, rather than temporary, basis.
2010-09-14	Harley-Davidsons to Remain Wisconsin-Made	Wisconsin-based labor unions accept wage and benefits concessions to keep most motorcycle production in the state.
2010-09-14	Harley-Davidsons to Remain Wisconsin-Made	Harley-Davidson motorcycles will continue to be made in Milwaukee, the company announced on Tuesday after a vote by its Wisconsin-based labor unions to accept wage and benefits concessions.
2010-07-25	Industries Find Surging Profits in Deeper Cuts	Having cut costs, employers want to keep profit margins high without rushing into hiring again.
2010-04-27	Off Wall St., Worries About Financial Bill	Far afield from Wall Street, the intense debate over the overhaul of financial regulations by Congress is attracting some unlikely but powerful companies, whose lobbyists are digging in their heels.
2010-04-27	Off Wall St., Worries About Financial Bill	Mars, the maker of M&M's and Snickers, wants to make sure it can continue dabbling in the derivatives market to protect the price of sugar and chocolate for its candies, Eric Lichtblau and Ron Nixon report in The New York Times.
2010-04-26	Off Wall St., Worries About Financial Bill	More than 130 companies have retained lobbyists to weigh in on the debate over financial regulation.
2010-03-19	K.K.R. and Hogs	Could Henry Kravis handle a hog?
2010-03-17	Harley-Davidson Rises on Buyout Chatter	Harley-Davidson shares rose sharply on spiked Tuesday on speculation that the  motorcycle maker was the target of a buyout bid, Reuters reported.
2010-01-22	Harley-Davidson Has Its First Loss in 16 Years	Harley-Davidson, the motorcycle maker, reported a fourth-quarter loss Friday, its first quarterly shortfall in 16 years, hurt by restructuring costs and the sluggish economy.
2009-12-11	Harley-Davidson Recalling 111,000 Motorcycles	"Harley-Davidson is recalling almost 111,600 motorcycles because the fuel tanks could leak following a severe crash. The company told the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration that it discovered the problem during its own crash testing, and it is not aware of any ""fires, injuries or fatalities"" related to the defect. The recall covers 2009-10 Touring, CVO and Trike motorcycles."
2009-05-02	A Motorcycle Rally Revs Up, Though It’s No Longer Welcome	After complaints about violence and indecency, the City of Myrtle Beach declared Bike Week officially and permanently canceled. But the bikers are coming anyway.
2009-03-28	Letters: Harley’s Demographics	To the Editor:.
2005-03-27	New Center for Daytona Bike Week	Daytona Beach, Fla., is about to get even friendlier to its two-wheeled tourists. One of the motorcycling world's magnet cities and the host of the Bike Week rally every March, left, Daytona will gain a new cornerstone attraction this summer, when Destination Daytona makes its debut. The 150-acre development will have what is called the world's largest Harley-Davidson dealership -- a 109,000-square-foot facility that will include a motorcycle museum -- as well as a hotel and condominium village, two restaurants, two bars and more than 30,000 square feet of retail space.
2005-01-02	End of the Year, End of Careers	Several notable corporate leaders made Friday their last day in office, including Randy Harl, who retired as chairman of Halliburton's troubled KBR unit at the age of just 54. He had been chief executive of the unit, too, until Andrew Lane replaced him last April amid an investigation into whether KBR had overbilled the Pentagon for fuel brought into Iraq. Also stepping down was Johnnie Bryan Hunt, 77, who founded J.B. Hunt Transport Services and remained its chairman until last week. Starting in 1969 with five tractors and seven trailers, Mr. Hunt built his company into one of the biggest carriers, with 10,000 tractors and 46,000 trailers today.
2004-04-15	Harley-Davidson Posts 9.9% Higher Profit	Harley-Davidson Inc. said yesterday that profit rose 9.9 percent in the first quarter on record demand in the United States for its motorcycles and higher sales of parts and accessories. Net income climbed to $204.6 million, or 68 cents a share, from $186.2 million, or 61 cents a share, a year earlier, the company said.
2003-10-22	Hot-Dog Heaven: 4 Days, 40 Bikers And Buzz in Front	WHEN I step out of my shower unscathed on a warm August morning, I know it will be a safe day aboard my motorcycle heading toward Milwaukee. After all, haven't I read that many accidents occur in the bathroom? Still, I defy the heat, don a leather jacket, jeans, boots, gloves and a helmet, just in case. I also pack a new rain suit, as a talisman to ward off rain. Day 1: Danbury, Conn., to DuBois, Pa., 368 miles I join a group of 40 bikers leaving Danbury to converge on Milwaukee for Harley-Davidson's 100th anniversary festivities from Aug. 28 to 31. About 250,000 others will gather with us. The city is home to the company's headquarters, and events and concerts will pay homage there. Though I am not a Harley owner, I had wanted to come along for the celebration. My group has been organized by Buzz Kanter, the 48-year-old publisher of American Iron Magazine, a publication dedicated to Harleys. He will lead us on his restored 1955 model, capable of a 50-mile-an-hour cruise. At 55 m.p.h., he said, the vehicle vibrates and things come undone. At 60, the rider vibrates off. Buzz has to kick-start his motorcycle, which has a hand shift like an old car's. By contrast, my Honda ST1300 has detachable luggage, a 125-horsepower fuel-injected motor, antilock brakes, a windscreen that powers up and down at the touch of a button, and it can do 145 miles an hour. Our ride is to include stops at Harley dealers for hospitality meals and stops every 80 miles to rest Buzz's bike. As we ride, the group grows to 125, then decreases, as some riders join for a while, then accelerate ahead. They will meet us down the road. We leave Danbury; all but five motorcycles are Harleys. Four women pilot their own bikes, including Jessica Prokup, 27, the editor of Road Bike magazine, and Tricia Szulewski, 32, the magazine's art director. Other women are passengers. The group includes a nurse, an engineer, a computer designer, a business consultant, a plumber and a half-dozen policemen. Buzz on his '55 is up front, and a truck with tools and emergency gear takes up the rear, driven by Sam Whitehead, a 31-year-old writer and Elvis Costello look-alike from Pound Ridge, N.Y. Jim Sims, 48, a commodities trader, is on holiday, riding his Harley while his motor home follows, friends and family aboard. We head west on Interstate 84, going toward Interstate 80 West. Settling into the right lane, our bikes are alternately staggered left to right for stopping distance and to discourage cars from breaking in. With proper spacing, 40 motorcycles stretch about a third of a mile. Chris Maida, 50, the editor of American Iron Magazine, rides the sweep position, watching for stragglers. Stephen Berner, 43, a marketing specialist from Stamford, Conn., is the road captain, keeping us on course. He signals lane changes, and we move over in sequence as a group. When a vehicle merges from the right, we either move left in unison to get around it, or we slow down, hoping it will merge and move into the left lane. I curse merging car drivers who cut us off. Worse are those forcing their cars through us at the last second to dive into an exit. Tollbooths are a hazard and a frustration. The center of every toll lane is coated with accumulated oil, grease and antifreeze, and bikers must keep to the clean left side so they do not slide. To get my money, I stand up and balance the bike, remove gloves, dig into pockets, hand over the money, pocket the change and receipt and put my gloves back on. We regroup at the roadside beyond. As we approach Scranton, Pa., other riders join us. We number more than 100. Amish women wave. Cars zoom past, then pull over, and the drivers take pictures. A news helicopter hovers. The question arises: for dinner, will we have our choice of hot dogs or hot dogs? At Electric City Harley-Davidson Buell, we swarm the grill, almost causing a hot-dog riot. A Channel 28 television reporter asks Jessica Prokup why women ride. His presumption is that it's the high cost of fuel. Wrong. The correct answer is, for fun. The '55's speedometer cable breaks. Riders begin to place bets on how long Buzz's bike will last. Pulling in for gas we are like bees at the hive. It is a hydration stop for rider and mount. Remove jacket, helmet and gloves, position bike, retrieve credit card, fill bike, move it from pumps. Now run to the restroom, then drink lots of water. Now dress. For safety, I am committed to wearing my leather jacket for the duration; I sweat profusely beneath it. It seems we are all drinking bottled water by the gallon. As the temperature hits the high 80's, some leather jackets come off, replaced by leather vests. Then vests come off, down to denim shirts. Then denims come off, down to T-shirts. At each gas stop, a crowd gives Buzz an ovation when he kicks his bike to life. Sometimes it starts on the first kick, sometimes not. The record is 28 kicks. We head west to the DuBois Harley-Davidson. Formerly a golf-ball factory, this 43,000-square-foot motorcycle pleasure palace presents bikes as jewels. And mmmm -- hot dogs and sausages! That evening, the pretty, tattooed and nose-ringed bartender at the Hitching Post tips us off that Yuengling beer gets the local nod. Chicken wings are $1.50 a dozen. Later at our motel, I toss and turn to lightning and rain and the effects of the chicken wings. Day 2: DuBois, Pa., to Sturgis, Mich., 383 miles The morning forecast calls for oppressive heat, with localized severe weather alerts on our route. I fit my nylon rain suit over my jeans and leather jacket. I perspire during refueling, and cannot wait to get a riding breeze. We leave in light rain, heading toward Cleveland. Within 20 miles we are into heavy rain, which lasts for 40 miles. At the Interstate 80 West Cleveland toll, we buck 60-mile-an-hour headwinds, with zero visibility. The group has scattered, and I huddle with several riders underneath an overpass. Even trucks pull over. We venture out when the gusts subside. Still, we travel another 40-mile stretch of downpour and lightning. We all make it. Buzz's bike is still running. Surprise! Lunch is hot dogs, sausages and burgers at the Elyria Harley-Davidson in Elyria, Ohio. The skies seem to be clearing, but within a few miles, rain forces us to pull over again. I take my helmet and gloves off, unpack the rain suit, pull pants over boots and put a jacket on. Riding next to 18-wheelers is at best unpleasant, with wind effects that push and pull your motorcycle. As trucks pass, they throw a huge, blinding spray. Fortunately, I can run the electric windshield up for protection. Then, when the truck passes, I lower it to get a breeze. We stop for the day at Hamlin's Harley-Davidson in Sturgis, Mich. The '55 gets its slapping drive chain adjusted. We decide to pass on the hot dogs, focusing instead on a Chinese restaurant near our motel. Just one problem: the motel has given away our nine prepaid rooms. In the scramble for other accommodations, we forgo Chinese and end up at an Applebee's. Day 3: Sturgis, Mich., to Woodstock, Ill., 214 miles We roar off after a pancake breakfast at Hamlin's, attended by State Senator Cameron Brown, who says he wants to restore motorcycle rider education funds to the Michigan state budget. Back on the highway, we refocus on the constant road hazards, like the huge chunks of rubber that explode off recapped truck tires. We swerve to avoid them, and my biggest fear is being next to a truck when one lets go. Today we just miss a smashed dining-room table and picture frames that had fallen from a truck. Riders point to a hazard, warning those behind. A cigarette butt thrown from a car hits my helmet visor. At a gas stop, two riders fill their tanks with diesel fuel by mistake. Before damage is done, others help them drain their tanks. We pull into Calumet Harley-Davidson in Munster, Ind., for some hot dogs and sausages. I wonder if some of the Harley model names -- Fat Boy, Wide Glide and Softail -- are meant to reflect the hot-dog diet. The '55 gets its clutch adjusted. My quiet Honda is the subject of ribbing.Harley riders refer to it as a ''blender.'' Some ask when I will get a real bike. Others ask solid technical questions. Dennis Rossa, a 34-year-old electrician from Hammond, Ind., guides us away from truck routes in Chicago by using Route 30, saving us hours in traffic. He is our hero. Our final stop of the day is Woodstock Harley-Davidson in Woodstock, Ill. Claude and Diane Sonday operate this 66,000-square-foot temple to H-D, with 20 service technicians and parking for 300 cars. There is a great live band. Day 4: Woodstock, Ill., to Milwaukee, 78 miles The Harley Owners Group in Woodstock sets off with us, led by a police motorcycle escort. The police ahead block side roads for our passage. I see the water tower of Hebron, Ill., proclaiming its 1952 state basketball champions, commemorating the improbable victory of the town's 98-student high school. Our police escort leaves us; the group now stretches over a mile. The motorcycle traffic becomes astounding. People on overpasses and at construction sites wave flags and display welcome signs. This is beyond motorcycles; it is more like a genetic code sharing. We head right into the ancient Harley plant on West Juneau Avenue. We've made it!
2003-08-03	Building a Dream With Vroom	LIKE any successful entrepreneur, Mike Schwartz was always on the lookout for business opportunities. And the more he thought about it, the more he saw one in motorcycles. Never mind that the dealership in Wilmington, Del., where he had just ordered a $13,000 Harley-Davidson Softail cruiser in the winter of 1992, had weak sales and was in disrepair. The fact that he would have to wait months or longer for delivery was all he needed to know about demand for the product.
2003-07-06	Executive Life; For Button-Down Riders, One Bike Won't Do	SOME fell in love with the idea as children, racing dirt bikes. Others were mesmerized by ''Easy Rider.'' The rest were smitten after their own children had already grown up. For these executives and decision makers, motorcycle riding offers a release, and, much like golf, a chance to bond and perhaps discuss business in an informal setting. Most own two or three, or more, sometimes paying as much as $40,000 for one. They even have collective nicknames, like Rolex riders or ''rubs,'' for rich urban bikers.
2002-12-15	Executive Life; Who Says Unions Must Dislike the Chief?	THERE are many chief executives that unions love to hate. Think of Jeffrey C. Barbakow of the hospital chain Tenet Healthcare, who cashed in $111 million in stock options this year but whose unionized workers complained of short staffing and jobs lost to outside contractors. Or Jack Welch, the retired boss of General Electric, whose penchant for sending jobs overseas led him to say, ''Ideally, you'd have every plant you own on a barge.'' Especially in this wobbly economy, animosity between labor and management seems the natural order. Yet a handful of chiefs have somehow won over the rank and file; unions actually like them. And corny as it may sound, their secret seems to be treating unions as part of the team and caring about the members.
2002-08-13	Bush's Forum on Economy: More Than the Usual Crowd	The White House moved today to counter criticism that President Bush's economic forum here on Tuesday was a public relations vehicle by releasing a list of participants that included a sprinkling of prominent Democrats and some influential corporate leaders not usually associated with politics. While the list was heavily weighted toward the Bush-friendly South and West, it also included Franklin D. Raines, the chief executive of Fannie Mae and the budget director under former President Bill Clinton; Carleton S. Fiorina, the chairwoman and chief executive of the Hewlett-Packard Company; Kenneth I. Chenault, the chairman and chief executive of the American Express Company; and Jeffrey L. Bleustein, the chairman and chief executive of Harley-Davidson Inc.
2002-07-25	100 Years of Vroooooooom, As Harley-Davidson Hits the Road	Harley-Davidson is celebrating the 100th anniversary of its founding with Open Road Tour, a traveling exhibition that includes Elvis Presley's 1956 model KH. Pentagram, a New York studio, designed the exhibition, which began last week in Atlanta. Three tents showcase Harley history, Harley fashion and Harleys themselves (at right, 100 gas tanks). The show will be in Baltimore from Aug. 16 to 18, then it will hopscotch to Los Angeles, Toronto, Dallas, Mexico City, Sydney, Tokyo, Barcelona and Hamburg. The $55 admission in Baltimore will include a concert with the Neville Brothers or Hootie and the Blowfish or Bob Dylan, and demonstration rides (bring your motorcycle license). For information, www.harley-davidson.com. ELAINE LOUIE
2002-05-05	Ah, the Vacation Capital (What Is It You're Driving?)	Easy Riders nationwide hit a nasty bump in Old Bridge last week when the Middlesex County town quavered over a motorcycle festival planned for this summer. It seems that Harley-Davidson's 100th anniversary tour was scheduled to stop at Raceway Park in August, with crowds expected to reach 150,000 during a rumbling three-day clan gathering of leather, chrome and machismo.
2001-06-07	As Fashion on Two Wheels, It's a Roaring Success	AT a motorcycle gathering on a Tuesday night in May at the Ear Inn on far west Spring Street, Suzanne Schick, a patternmaker for the fashion designer Betsey Johnson, roared up astride her purple 1997 Ducati M750 Monster. She wore a matching purple leather jacket. Her hair was purple, too. ''When I first got my bike, I thought it was so beautiful I wanted to keep it in my bedroom,'' she said. ''And Ducatis have the best sound of any bike.''
2001-04-27	Honors for Staples And Harley-Davidson	Harley-Davidson in Milwaukee and Staples Inc. in Framingham, Mass., are being named to the Marketing Hall of Fame by the New York chapter of the the American Marketing Association. They will be honored June 6 at the annual ceremony presenting the Effie Awards for effectiveness in advertising.
2001-04-17	JAPAN: HARLEY-DAVIDSON GROWS	For the first time in 16 years, Harley-Davidson Inc. regained the top slot for sales of heavy motorbikes in Japan last year, tapping its image for classic Americana to overtake rival Japanese makers. Harley, the largest motorcycle maker in the United States, said registrations of its bikes in Japan rose 7.6 percent, to 9,467 units, in 2000, while the overall market for motorcycles with engines larger than 750cc fell 0.9 percent, to 44,161 units. Harley-Davidson's success in Japan, its biggest foreign market, was aided by an expanded sales network and long financing programs.
2000-09-24	Broadening the Base of Decision-Making	LEE OZLEY, co-author of ''More Than a Motorcycle,'' is an organizational consultant who has worked with Harley-Davidson since 1987. Mr. Ozley helped Rich Teerlink, his co-author and Harley-Davidson's former chief executive, transform the company into one in which workers, rather than merely carrying out edicts from above, took responsibility for decisions that were reached by consensus.
2000-09-24	The Harley Culture, Reshaped	AS most every marketing student knows, Harley-Davidson sets the standard in consumer loyalty. Its devoted customers tattoo Harley's logo on their flesh. Has anyone ever seen a bicep embossed with Coca-Cola's logo? But ''More Than a Motorcycle: The Leadership Journey at Harley-Davidson'' (Harvard Business School Press, $24.95), by Rich Teerlink and Lee Ozley, is not the place to find the Harley legend. The book has little to say about the design, manufacture or marketing of Harley's immensely popular top-end bikes. It includes only a few pages on the Harley resurrection: how, two decades ago, Harley was pummeled by Japanese competition, or how, shielded by a temporary tariff, it scratched its way back to prosperity (after laying off 4 of every 10 employees). Nor does it explain how Harley managed to extend its outlaw aura to the thousands of law-abiding citizens who slip into their leathers and go tooling on its bikes.
2000-07-16	TRAVEL ADVISORY	WHEELS The Wild (Rental) Bunch Harley-Davidson has set up a nationwide network of company-approved rental outlets where renters can get late-model low-mileage Harleys and use of a helmet and rain suit and 24-hour roadside assistance. Prices will vary from dealer to dealer. Information: (877) 437-3682 or www .hdrentals.com.
1999-11-11	Clinton Cites Harley-Davidson in Pushing His Trade Policy	President Clinton today saluted a much-exported American icon, the Harley-Davidson motorcycle, in an effort to prepare the political ground for two high-stakes trade negotiations that are already touching off raucous debate in Washington and around the country. As Mr. Clinton donned a leather Harley-Davidson jacket at the company's factory in York and mused about the possibility of becoming a biker at the end of his presidency, half of his economic team was in Beijing in a last-ditch effort to strike a deal with China that could vastly open the market for American producers.
1998-03-08	Daytona Beach Journal; Bikers Flash Chrome, and Gold Card	In the black leather, exhaust pipe extravaganza known as Bike Week, close to half a million motorcycle enthusiasts descended on this city of about 63,000 residents to partake of the engine revving, beer drinking and girlfriend flaunting of biker lore. Bars still post ''No Colors'' signs that forbid patrons from wearing identifying jackets that could provoke brawls between rival motorcycle clubs. Contests held throughout the city and the rest of Volusia County's coast during the annual 10-day event that ends on Sunday cater to the taste of the rough: ''Ladies arm wrestling,'' ''Biggest beer belly,'' ''Great cleavage,'' ''Best tattoo'' and ''Bikini pull-off.''
1997-10-16	When It Comes to Harleys, Arlen Ness Is One Very Cool Customizer	WE are heading south on California 580, screaming past cars and semis. I am riding with Arlen Ness on one of his newest creations, the Ness Patrol, a takeoff on the black-and-white California Highway Patrol bike. Save for the airbrushed flashing lights, the custom Dynaframe looks real enough to attract worried stares. As Mr. Ness gears down to turn onto an off ramp, the thunder of the 96-cubic-inch engine drops to a mere roar. I venture a question: Has the California Patrol ever objected? Mr. Ness, an easygoing 57-year-old with a penchant for Midwestern understatement (he was born in Minnesota and moved to California as a boy), turns his head and smiles. ''Oh, they've pulled me over a couple of times,'' he calls out. ''And asked to have their picture taken.''
1997-07-20	Testing 2 Rivals, High and Low	HARLEY-DAVIDSON'S least expensive cruiser bike is the 1,340-cubic-centimeter Dyna Glide Lowrider, priced at $14,000. Prices of Harley cruisers go up from there to $16,000, and touring bikes can top $18,000. To see how close the Japanese are coming to the American paradigm, I test-rode two Japanese cruisers, one from the entry-level end of the price scale, the Honda Shadow ACE, and one that is bigger, heavier and more mechanically complex than a Harley, the Yamaha Royal Star.
1997-07-20	When You Are What You Ride	RIDERS of Harley-Davidsons include blacks, whites, Orientals and most other categorizations on the census form. They may be high school dropouts or Ph.D.'s, con artists or matinee idols, ex-convicts or investment bankers. But whatever their backgrounds or bank accounts, they tend to dress, ride and act much alike. Harleyism is a set of motorcycle mores that separates riders of Harley-Davidsons from all others. The rules have evolved over decades as Harley riders have closed ranks against those on Japanese bikes -- known as ''rice burners'' among the faithful.
1997-07-20	Motorcycle Wars: Japan's Latest Shots at Fortress Harley	FOR more than 90 years, Harley-Davidson motorcycles have reigned as the kings of the American open road. Since 1953, when the Indian Motorcycle Company ceased production, it has stood alone as the only American motorcycle manufacturer. Its legions of faithful customers insist that Harley makes the only motorcycle, period. But Japan's Big Four -- Honda, Yamaha, Kawasaki and Suzuki -- all sell Harley-Davidson clones, motorcycles that emulate the Harley look, sound and feel. Harley's share of the American market has fallen in the last decade even though its sales, nearly 60,000 a year, are at a record high.
1996-01-14	Type: Corporate Chief. Passion: Riding Harleys.	"TAKE a little Malcolm Forbes, add a dash of Jim Rogers, the investment biker, and you get RUB's, rich urban bikers. Though they might resist the label -- affixed by some long-time Harley-Davidson enthusiasts -- RUB's are business executives, lawyers, doctors and other professionals who don black leather jackets and become weekend road warriors. Some of them own several motorcycles, including high-end Italian and Japanese bikes designed for racing. But for cruising, their vehicle of choice remains the Harley. And they may think nothing of dropping $15,000 to $20,000 on a ""hog"" and several thousand more for custom bike touches and accessories."
1995-11-15	Deal by Harley-Davidson	Harley-Davidson Inc. said today that it had acquired the remaining stock in Eaglemark Financial Services Inc. for about $45 million. Eaglemark provides private-label financial services programs, including Harley-Davidson Credit and Holiday Rambler Credit. Harley-Davidson said it had held a 49 percent stake in Eaglemark since the company was formed in January 1993.
1995-09-23	SHARES OF HARLEY-DAVIDSON RETREAT BY 14%	Shares of Harley-Davidson Inc. fell 14 percent yesterday after the company said late Thursday that it expected disappointing third-quarter sales from its parts and accessories business. The Milwaukee-based motorcycle maker attributed the decline to soft sales of its Motorclothes line of apparel, which will probably fall nearly 20 percent from a year earlier. Harley said orders for Motorclothes in the wake of a July dealer meeting fell short of the company's expectations. Motorclothes sales usually account for about 35 percent of Harley's overall parts and accessories revenue.
1995-07-02	SUNDAY, July 2, 1995; STUFF: Money and Chrome -- the American Way	"In the 1969 movie ""Easy Rider,"" Peter Fonda rode a chopped Harley-Davidson Panhead, painted in stars and stripes, in search of America. Today, magnates and movie stars ride Harleys and true devotees spend thousands to customize machines once known as hogs. The six Harleys d'art above show some of the passion and lunacy of motorcycle romance. Top left: An orange 1980 Shovelhead, a classic super-sanitary (meaning spare, Bauhaus style) chopper with precise chroming, $15,000. Right: A candy-red, full-fendered Softail (the term refers to the suspension), which aficionados would call ""swoopy"" -- long, low . . . and $40,000. Middle left: An over-the-top Southwest-style paint job on a $40,000 Softail. Right: A yellow-and-violet, $50,000 superbike (Softail) with exotic billet parts, each machined from a solid block of aluminum. Bottom left: a blue $35,000 Fat Boy that James Dean, whose face is on the gas tank, would surely have found too rococo. Right: A tough, massive $38,000 silver-and-white Softail, notable for its stretched gas tanks."
1995-03-23	Lorillard Sued Over Licensing Deal	Harley-Davidson Inc. in Milwaukee and Lorillard Inc. in New York are fighting in court about an agreement under which Harley-Davidson licenses its name to Lorillard for a cigarette brand. Harley-Davidson filed a lawsuit yesterday in Federal District Court in Manhattan in response to a suit that Lorillard filed last month in the same court accusing Harley-Davidson of frustrating the licensing agreement, which began in 1986. Harley-Davidson's countersuit asserted that an unspecified Lorillard campaign for Harley-Davidson cigarettes was being aimed at children. Avrett, Free & Ginsberg in New York, which creates campaigns for Lorillard brands like Kent, is also agency of record for the Harley-Davidson cigarette. The agency is not named in the suit.
1993-07-15	At This Restaurant, You'll Just Have to Try the Hogs	THERE are some restaurants known for their chef, plat du jour, sublime flower arrangements, tasteful decor or simply their oh-so-chic atmosphere. The Harley-Davidson Cafe, scheduled to open in October at West 56th Street and the Avenue of the Americas, will offer something extra: motorcycles. For the first time in its 90-year history, Harley-Davidson Inc. will lend its name and paraphernalia to a restaurant. The restaurant (rendered above) is co-owned by Marc Packer, who started about 30 years ago as a busboy in his father's Burger Ranch in New York and now owns Wolf's Sixth Avenue Delicatessen and Canastel's. Drew Nieporent will oversee the new restaurant's menu.
1993-05-11	Market Place; At Harley-Davidson, albatrosses look like recreational vehicles.	"HARLEY-DAVIDSON, the nation's only maker of big motorcycles, is roaring along. In the most recent quarter, operating earnings were up 67 percent, to $15.1 million, or 40 cents a share. Harley's motorcycles, known to many devoted buyers as ""hogs,"" are selling as fast as the company can make them, and overseas demand is going unsatisfied as domestic dealers howl for more vehicles. ""If you walk into a Harley dealer and try to place an order, you will be told there is a waiting list of at least three months even if you don't care about the color,"" said Ronald Glantz, who follows the company for Dean Witter. ""Harley is sold out for years."""
1993-05-04	Billing Cycles	Harley-Davidson Inc., the fabled maker of motorcycles, is introducing a credit card in June, according to Reuters. The card could be used to buy accessories, repairs and Harley-Davidson brand clothing. Harley's stock price fell slightly yesterday, after trading lower for most of the session.
1993-01-24	They Ride Hogs, These Romans	Whatever else the folks on Elba were expecting last fall, 90 Harley-Davidson motorcycles rumbling around the island for a day probably did not figure too highly on their wish list. But with much tribal display of chrome and leather, and much thumping of 1,340-cubic-centimeter V-twin engines, that is precisely what they got. As in other parts of Italy, the Harleys had arrived, in every sense of the word.
1992-02-24	American Business Starts A Counterattack in Japan	After spending much of the 1980's struggling to survive against its Japanese competitors, Harley-Davidson Inc. has joined hundreds of American companies in doing something that would have seemed unthinkable a decade ago: it is challenging the Japanese manufacturers that almost put it out of business by revving up its sales on their home territory. Following an increasingly familiar pattern, the motorcycle maker has acquired the Japanese company that distributed its products, so that Harley can take a stronger hand in expanding its sales network. It has beefed up its staff and it is concluding a deal to market a line of clothing to the Japanese who, despite growing disillusionment with the United States, still have a romantic attraction for the kind of muscular American image the Harley-Davidson name still evokes.
1991-12-22	Selling Bikes After the Wild Ones Have Settled Down	IT'S fun to think of motorcycle history in terms of celebrity cachet. James Dean and Marlon Brando made motorcycles sexy and sinister. Malcolm Forbes associated them with well-heeled capitalists. Ronald Reagan visited a Harley-Davidson plant and presto, motorcycles symbolized America's renewed manufacturing competitiveness. But behind the scenes, the motorcycle business is a lot less glitzy than the parade of flashy names might indicate. In fact, it is downright depressed. The recession, creeping couch potatoism and an explosion of consumer electronics products vying for the dwindling discretionary dollar have created a shrinking market for motorcycles.
1991-10-25	Harley Gains in Profits But Loses on Wall St.	Over the last decade, Harley-Davidson Inc., has managed to fend off an onslaught by Japanese motorcycle makers, reverse a reputation for shoddy quality and attract domestic and foreign buyers with distinctly styled machines. This week, when its third-quarter earnings grew but failed to measure up to analysts' estimates, its stock was hammered. Harley shares dropped sharply for a second day yesterday, closing at $40.75, down $11.50, in heavy trading. Shares changing hands totaled 4.2 million, making Harley the second-most-active issue on the New York Stock Exchange. Since the selloff began, the stock has lost $18.125, or nearly a third of it value.
1990-08-12	How Harley Outfoxed Japan With Exports	LEAD: Gloomy trade figures aside, at least one American product, the Harley-Davidson motorcycle, is outmaneuvering its competitors abroad.
1990-06-28	Investor Reduces Stake in Harley	LEAD: The Rochester investor Malcolm I. Glazer disclosed he had sold 1.2 million shares of Harley-Davidson Inc. for $5.625 a share, or a total sale price of $30.75 million. In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Mr. Glazer said the sale reduced his holding in the Milwaukee-based motorcycle manufacturer to less than 1 percent, from 7.29 percent.
1990-03-03	Harley-Davidson Stake Is Allowed	LEAD: A Federal judge has refused to block Malcolm I. Glazer, a businessman, from investing further in Harley-Davidson Inc., the last United States-based motorcycle manufacturer. The Milwaukee-based company filed a lawsuit accusing Mr. Glazer, a financier with interests in Florida and New York who owns a 7.26 percent stake in
1990-03-01	Harley-Davidson Investor in Filing	LEAD: The Rochester investor Malcolm I. Glazer has recommended that Harley-Davidson Inc. spin off its Holiday Rambler Corporation unit and distribute the proceeds to shareholders. Mr. Glazer suggested in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing that the division could be spun off as a public company, with the shares being distributed to holders.
1989-12-13	Harley-Davidson	LEAD: An investment group led by Malcolm I. Glazer, a Rochester business executive, has raised his stake in Harley-Davidson Inc. to 7.29 percent, from 6.2 percent. In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing, Mr. Glazer said he bought 87,300 shares between Nov. 24 and last Friday for $38.175 to $41.25 each.
1989-10-04	Harley Maintains It's Not for Sale	LEAD: Harley-Davidson Inc., the Milwaukee motorcycle company, said it is not for sale. Harley's announcement came a day after Malcolm I. Glazer, a Rochester businessman, disclosed he had acquired a 6.24 percent stake in the company for more than $17 million and indicated that he might seek control of the company.
1989-10-03	Stake in Harley Held by Group	LEAD: Malcolm I. Glazer, a Rochester businessman, and members of his family, disclosed that they had acquired a 6.24 percent stake in Harley-Davidson Inc. and might seek control of the Milwaukee-based motorcycle manufacturer.
1989-09-16	Motorcycle Makers Shift Tactics	LEAD: Beset by declining numbers of young men and by soaring prices, motorcycle manufacturers in this country are trying some novel marketing tactics in an effort to halt a decade-long slide in sales.
